# Day One

I spent the last week re-reading angular documentation, and I also spent some time reading the documentation for the analogjs meta-framework for angular.

---

I wrote this little gem for MST-World who wanted me to make an angular application for them, I decided to figure out how to use EsBuild to build the application.
And I also decided to use the analogjs meta-framework for angular to make it easier to build the application, and it's a cool new thing to learn.

Hope they don't mind that I'm using their application as a test bed for this new framework.

I'm not sure if I'm going to use this meta-framework for my other angular applications, but I'm going to keep it in mind for the future.

I will keep notes on my progress here.

---

So it looks like the prod build works, but the dev server doesn't work, I'm not sure why, but I'm going to keep looking into it.

```plaintext
goroutine 356 [chan receive]:
main.(*serviceType).sendRequest(0xc00008fb90, {0x8defa0, 0xc0003d21e0})
        github.com/evanw/esbuild/cmd/esbuild/service.go:192 +0xfa
main.(*serviceType).convertPlugins.func2.4({{0xc000368620, 0x61}, {0x94bc46, 0x4}, {0x0, 0x0}, {0x0, 0x0}})
        github.com/evanw/esbuild/cmd/esbuild/service.go:1051 +0x626
github.com/evanw/esbuild/pkg/api.(*pluginImpl).onLoad.func1({{0x0, 0x0}, {{0xc000368620, 0x61}, {0x94bc46, 0x4}, {0x0, 0x0}, 0x0}})
        github.com/evanw/esbuild/pkg/api/api_impl.go:1932 +0x19d
github.com/evanw/esbuild/internal/bundler.runOnLoadPlugins({0xc0000d29a0?, 0x2, 0x0?}, 0x0?, {0xa2abf8, 0xc0000bb700?}, 0x0?, {0xc0002f9c00, 0xc000099d70, 0xc000099d88, ...}, ...)
        github.com/evanw/esbuild/internal/bundler/bundler.go:910 +0xe33
github.com/evanw/esbuild/internal/bundler.parseFile({{0xa2abf8, 0xc0000bb700}, {0xc0002f9c00, 0xc000099d70, 0xc000099d88, 0xc0000bb6e0, 0x5, 0xc0002c9b90}, 0xc000326800, 0xc00009ecc0, ...})
        github.com/evanw/esbuild/internal/bundler/bundler.go:135 +0x227
created by github.com/evanw/esbuild/internal/bundler.(*scanner).maybeParseFile
        github.com/evanw/esbuild/internal/bundler/bundler.go:1360 +0xaaa
```

Seems like this is quite a new framework so i'm willing to forgive the few issues I'm having getting it running...

I'm going to try to figure out how to get the dev server working, and then I'm going to try to figure out how to get the application to work with the backend.

I will probably report these issues to the analogjs team.

I added the esbuild.config.js file to the root of the project, and I added the `define` option to the `esbuild.config.js` file, I'm not sure why it's not working, but I'm going to keep looking into it.

The analogjs team is going to fix the dev server issue in the next release, so I will remove the `define` from the `esbuild.config.js` file when that happens.  
If I can install this angular command that would be great, I was using ng serve before, but I'm not sure if I can use that with this framework.  

Okay this is too much I'll just use prod for now.

---

Wow I am tired, I'm going to try to figure out how to get the application to work with the backend tomorrow.

---